NAME                                                                           VERSION                                  TYPE   
BDInfo                                                                         0.7.6.2                                  dotnet  
BlurHashSharp                                                                  1.2.0                                    dotnet  
BlurHashSharp.SkiaSharp                                                        1.2.0                                    dotnet  
CacheManager.Core                                                              1.2.0                                    dotnet  
CommandLineParser                                                              2.9.1                                    dotnet  
Diacritics                                                                     3.3.18                                   dotnet  
DiscUtils.Core                                                                 0.16.13                                  dotnet  
DiscUtils.Iso9660                                                              0.16.13                                  dotnet  
DiscUtils.Streams                                                              0.16.13                                  dotnet  
DiscUtils.Udf                                                                  0.16.13                                  dotnet  
DotNet.Glob                                                                    3.1.3                                    dotnet  
EFCoreSecondLevelCacheInterceptor                                              3.8.8                                    dotnet  
EasyCaching.Core                                                               1.8.0                                    dotnet  
Jellyfin.XmlTv                                                                 10.8.0                                   dotnet  
LrcParser                                                                      2023.308.0                               dotnet  
MetaBrainz.Common                                                              1.0.0                                    dotnet  
MetaBrainz.Common.Json                                                         5.1.0                                    dotnet  
MetaBrainz.MusicBrainz                                                         5.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization                                             7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.AspNetCore.Metadata                                                  7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces                                                  6.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.Core                                                     7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore                                                  7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions                                     7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Analyzers                                        7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational                                       7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite                                           7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.Core                                      7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.ApiDescription.Server                                     3.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions                                      7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory                                            7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration                                             7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions                                7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder                                      7.0.4                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables                        7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions                              7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json                                        7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection                                       7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions                          7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel                                           7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks                                  7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.Abstractions                     7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.EntityFrameworkCore              7.0.5                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions                                7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical                                    7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing                                        7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions                                      7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Http                                                      7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Logging                                                   7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions                                      7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool                                                7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Options                                                   7.0.1                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions                           6.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives                                                7.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.NETCore.Platforms                                                    5.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.NETCore.Targets                                                      1.1.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.OpenApi                                                              1.2.3                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Win32.Primitives                                                     4.3.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Win32.Registry                                                       5.0.0                                    dotnet  
Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents                                                   6.0.0                                    dotnet  
Mono.Nat                                                                       3.0.4                                    dotnet  
NEbml                                                                          0.11.0                                   dotnet  
NeoSmart.AsyncLock                                                             3.2.1                                    dotnet  
Newtonsoft.Json                                                                13.0.3                                   dotnet  
PlaylistsNET                                                                   1.3.1                                    dotnet  
SQLitePCL.pretty.netstandard                                                   3.1.0                                    dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.bundle_e_sqlite3                                                  2.1.4                                    dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.core                                                              2.1.4                                    dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3                                                     2.1.4                                    dotnet  
SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3                                                2.1.4                                    dotnet  
Serilog                                                                        2.10.0                                   dotnet  
Serilog.AspNetCore                                                             6.1.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Enrichers.Thread                                                       3.1.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Extensions.Hosting                                                     5.0.1                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Extensions.Logging                                                     3.1.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Formatting.Compact                                                     1.1.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Settings.Configuration                                                 3.4.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Async                                                            1.5.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Console                                                          4.1.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Debug                                                            2.0.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.File                                                             5.0.0                                    dotnet  
Serilog.Sinks.Graylog                                                          2.3.0                                    dotnet  
SkiaSharp                                                                      2.88.3                                   dotnet  
SkiaSharp.NativeAssets.Linux                                                   2.88.3                                   dotnet  
SkiaSharp.NativeAssets.Win32                                                   2.88.3                                   dotnet  
SkiaSharp.NativeAssets.macOS                                                   2.88.3                                   dotnet  
SkiaSharp.Svg                                                                  1.60.0                                   dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore                                                         6.2.3                                    dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.ReDoc                                                   6.4.0                                    dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger                                                 6.2.3                                    dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen                                              6.2.3                                    dotnet  
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI                                               6.2.3                                    dotnet  
System.Buffers                                                                 4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Collections                                                             4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Collections.Concurrent                                                  4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.Debug                                                       4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource                                            6.0.0                                    dotnet  
System.Diagnostics.Tracing                                                     4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Drawing.Common                                                          6.0.0                                    dotnet  
System.Globalization                                                           4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Globalization.Calendars                                                 4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Globalization.Extensions                                                4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.IO                                                                      4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.IO.FileSystem                                                           4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives                                                4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Linq                                                                    4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Linq.Async                                                              6.0.1                                    dotnet  
System.Memory                                                                  4.5.4                                    dotnet  
System.Net.Http                                                                4.3.4                                    dotnet  
System.Net.Primitives                                                          4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Private.Uri                                                             4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Reflection                                                              4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Reflection.Primitives                                                   4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Resources.ResourceManager                                               4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Runtime                                                                 4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe                                         6.0.0                                    dotnet  
System.Runtime.Extensions                                                      4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Runtime.Handles                                                         4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Runtime.InteropServices                                                 4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Runtime.Numerics                                                        4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.AccessControl                                                  5.0.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms                                        4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Cng                                               4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Csp                                               4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding                                          4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl                                           4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives                                        4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates                                  4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Security.Principal.Windows                                              5.0.0                                    dotnet  
System.Text.Encoding                                                           4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Text.Encoding.CodePages                                                 7.0.0                                    dotnet  
System.Text.Encoding.Extensions                                                4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Text.Encodings.Web                                                      7.0.0                                    dotnet  
System.Text.Json                                                               7.0.2                                    dotnet  
System.Threading                                                               4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Threading.Tasks                                                         4.3.0                                    dotnet  
System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow                                                7.0.0                                    dotnet  
TMDbLib                                                                        2.0.0                                    dotnet  
TagLibSharp                                                                    2.3.0                                    dotnet  
UTF.Unknown                                                                    2.5.1                                    dotnet  
adduser                                                                        3.118ubuntu5                             deb     
apt                                                                            2.4.8                                    deb     
apt-utils                                                                      2.4.8                                    deb     
at                                                                             3.2.5-1ubuntu1                           deb     
base-files                                                                     12ubuntu4.3                              deb     
base-passwd                                                                    3.5.52build1                             deb     
bash                                                                           5.1-6ubuntu1                             deb     
bsdutils                                                                       1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3                        deb     
ca-certificates                                                                20211016ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb     
coreutils                                                                      8.32-4.1ubuntu1                          deb     
curl                                                                           7.81.0-1ubuntu1.10                       deb     
dash                                                                           0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1  deb     
debconf                                                                        1.5.79ubuntu1                            deb     
debianutils                                                                    5.5-1ubuntu2                             deb     
diffutils                                                                      1:3.8-0ubuntu2                           deb     
dirmngr                                                                        2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
dpkg                                                                           1.21.1ubuntu2.1                          deb     
e2fsprogs                                                                      1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
findutils                                                                      4.8.0-1ubuntu3                           deb     
fontconfig-config                                                              2.13.1-4.2ubuntu5                        deb     
fonts-dejavu-core                                                              2.37-2build1                             deb     
gcc-12-base                                                                    12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb     
gnupg                                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gnupg-l10n                                                                     2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gnupg-utils                                                                    2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg                                                                            2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg-agent                                                                      2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg-wks-client                                                                 2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpg-wks-server                                                                 2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpgconf                                                                        2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpgsm                                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
gpgv                                                                           2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb     
grep                                                                           3.7-1build1                              deb     
gzip                                                                           1.10-4ubuntu4.1                          deb     
hostname                                                                       3.23ubuntu2                              deb     
init-system-helpers                                                            1.62                                     deb     
jellyfin-ffmpeg5                                                               5.1.3-1-jammy                            deb     
jellyfin-server                                                                20230416.3-unstable                      deb     
jellyfin-web                                                                   20220906.1-unstable                      deb     
jq                                                                             1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb     
libacl1                                                                        2.3.1-1                                  deb     
libapt-pkg6.0                                                                  2.4.8                                    deb     
libass9                                                                        1:0.15.2-1                               deb     
libassuan0                                                                     2.5.5-1build1                            deb     
libattr1                                                                       1:2.5.1-1build1                          deb     
libaudit-common                                                                1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb     
libaudit1                                                                      1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb     
libblkid1                                                                      2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libbluray2                                                                     1:1.3.1-1                                deb     
libbrotli1                                                                     1.0.9-2build6                            deb     
libbsd0                                                                        0.11.5-1                                 deb     
libbz2-1.0                                                                     1.0.8-5build1                            deb     
libc-bin                                                                       2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb     
libc6                                                                          2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb     
libcairo2                                                                      1.16.0-5ubuntu2                          deb     
libcap-ng0                                                                     0.7.9-2.2build3                          deb     
libcap2                                                                        1:2.44-1build3                           deb     
libcom-err2                                                                    1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
libcrypt1                                                                      1:4.4.27-1                               deb     
libcurl4                                                                       7.81.0-1ubuntu1.10                       deb     
libdb5.3                                                                       5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                  deb     
libdebconfclient0                                                              0.261ubuntu1                             deb     
libdrm-amdgpu1                                                                 2.4.113-2~ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb     
libdrm-common                                                                  2.4.113-2~ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb     
libdrm-nouveau2                                                                2.4.113-2~ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb     
libdrm-radeon1                                                                 2.4.113-2~ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb     
libdrm2                                                                        2.4.113-2~ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb     
libedit2                                                                       3.1-20210910-1build1                     deb     
libelf1                                                                        0.186-1build1                            deb     
libexpat1                                                                      2.4.7-1ubuntu0.2                         deb     
libext2fs2                                                                     1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
libffi8                                                                        3.4.2-4                                  deb     
libfontconfig1                                                                 2.13.1-4.2ubuntu5                        deb     
libfreetype6                                                                   2.11.1+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1                   deb     
libfribidi0                                                                    1.0.8-2ubuntu3.1                         deb     
libgcc-s1                                                                      12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb     
libgcrypt20                                                                    1.9.4-3ubuntu3                           deb     
libglib2.0-0                                                                   2.72.4-0ubuntu1                          deb     
libgmp10                                                                       2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                    deb     
libgnutls30                                                                    3.7.3-4ubuntu1.2                         deb     
libgpg-error0                                                                  1.43-3                                   deb     
libgraphite2-3                                                                 1.3.14-1build2                           deb     
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                               1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb     
libharfbuzz0b                                                                  2.7.4-1ubuntu3.1                         deb     
libhogweed6                                                                    3.7.3-1build2                            deb     
libicu70                                                                       70.1-2                                   deb     
libidn2-0                                                                      2.3.2-2build1                            deb     
libjq1                                                                         1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb     
libk5crypto3                                                                   1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb     
libkeyutils1                                                                   1.6.1-2ubuntu3                           deb     
libkrb5-3                                                                      1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb     
libkrb5support0                                                                1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb     
libksba8                                                                       1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                         deb     
libldap-2.5-0                                                                  2.5.14+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.2             deb     
libldap-common                                                                 2.5.14+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.2             deb     
libllvm15                                                                      1:15.0.7-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                deb     
liblz4-1                                                                       1.9.3-2build2                            deb     
liblzma5                                                                       5.2.5-2ubuntu1                           deb     
libmd0                                                                         1.0.4-1build1                            deb     
libmount1                                                                      2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libmp3lame0                                                                    3.100-3build2                            deb     
libmpg123-0                                                                    1.29.3-1build1                           deb     
libncurses6                                                                    6.3-2                                    deb     
libncursesw6                                                                   6.3-2                                    deb     
libnettle8                                                                     3.7.3-1build2                            deb     
libnghttp2-14                                                                  1.43.0-1build3                           deb     
libnpth0                                                                       1.6-3build2                              deb     
libnsl2                                                                        1.3.0-2build2                            deb     
libnuma1                                                                       2.0.14-3ubuntu2                          deb     
libogg0                                                                        1.3.5-0ubuntu3                           deb     
libonig5                                                                       6.9.7.1-2build1                          deb     
libopenmpt0                                                                    0.6.1-1                                  deb     
libopus0                                                                       1.3.1-0.1build2                          deb     
libp11-kit0                                                                    0.24.0-6build1                           deb     
libpam-modules                                                                 1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpam-modules-bin                                                             1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpam-runtime                                                                 1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpam0g                                                                       1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                        deb     
libpciaccess0                                                                  0.16-3                                   deb     
libpcre2-8-0                                                                   10.39-3ubuntu0.1                         deb     
libpcre3                                                                       2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                 deb     
libpixman-1-0                                                                  0.40.0-1ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb     
libpng16-16                                                                    1.6.37-3build5                           deb     
libprocps8                                                                     2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                        deb     
libpsl5                                                                        0.21.0-1.2build2                         deb     
libreadline8                                                                   8.1.2-1                                  deb     
librtmp1                                                                       2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4        deb     
libsasl2-2                                                                     2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb     
libsasl2-modules                                                               2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb     
libsasl2-modules-db                                                            2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb     
libse                                                                          3.6.11                                   dotnet  
libseccomp2                                                                    2.5.3-2ubuntu2                           deb     
libselinux1                                                                    3.3-1build2                              deb     
libsemanage-common                                                             3.3-1build2                              deb     
libsemanage2                                                                   3.3-1build2                              deb     
libsepol2                                                                      3.3-1build1                              deb     
libsmartcols1                                                                  2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libsqlite3-0                                                                   3.37.2-2ubuntu0.1                        deb     
libss2                                                                         1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
libssh-4                                                                       0.9.6-2build1                            deb     
libssl3                                                                        3.0.2-0ubuntu1.8                         deb     
libstdc++6                                                                     12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                    deb     
libsystemd0                                                                    249.11-0ubuntu3.7                        deb     
libtasn1-6                                                                     4.18.0-4build1                           deb     
libtheora0                                                                     1.1.1+dfsg.1-15ubuntu4                   deb     
libtinfo6                                                                      6.3-2                                    deb     
libtirpc-common                                                                1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb     
libtirpc3                                                                      1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb     
libudev1                                                                       249.11-0ubuntu3.7                        deb     
libudfread0                                                                    1.1.2-1                                  deb     
libunistring2                                                                  1.0-1                                    deb     
libuuid1                                                                       2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
libvorbis0a                                                                    1.3.7-1build2                            deb     
libvorbisenc2                                                                  1.3.7-1build2                            deb     
libvorbisfile3                                                                 1.3.7-1build2                            deb     
libvpx7                                                                        1.11.0-2ubuntu2                          deb     
libwebp7                                                                       1.2.2-2                                  deb     
libwebpmux3                                                                    1.2.2-2                                  deb     
libx11-6                                                                       2:1.7.5-1                                deb     
libx11-data                                                                    2:1.7.5-1                                deb     
libx11-xcb1                                                                    2:1.7.5-1                                deb     
libx264-163                                                                    2:0.163.3060+git5db6aa6-2build1          deb     
libx265-199                                                                    3.5-2                                    deb     
libxau6                                                                        1:1.0.9-1build5                          deb     
libxcb-dri2-0                                                                  1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-dri3-0                                                                  1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-present0                                                                1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-randr0                                                                  1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-render0                                                                 1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-shm0                                                                    1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-sync1                                                                   1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb-xfixes0                                                                 1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxcb1                                                                        1.14-3ubuntu3                            deb     
libxdmcp6                                                                      1:1.1.3-0ubuntu5                         deb     
libxext6                                                                       2:1.3.4-1build1                          deb     
libxml2                                                                        2.9.13+dfsg-1ubuntu0.2                   deb     
libxrender1                                                                    1:0.9.10-1build4                         deb     
libxshmfence1                                                                  1.3-1build4                              deb     
libxxhash0                                                                     0.8.1-1                                  deb     
libzstd1                                                                       1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                       deb     
libzvbi-common                                                                 0.2.35-19                                deb     
libzvbi0                                                                       0.2.35-19                                deb     
locales                                                                        2.35-0ubuntu3.1                          deb     
login                                                                          1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                       deb     
logsave                                                                        1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                        deb     
lsb-base                                                                       11.1.0ubuntu4                            deb     
mawk                                                                           1.3.4.20200120-3                         deb     
mesa-va-drivers                                                                22.2.5-0ubuntu0.1~22.04.1                deb     
mount                                                                          2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
ncurses-base                                                                   6.3-2                                    deb     
ncurses-bin                                                                    6.3-2                                    deb     
netcat                                                                         1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb     
netcat-openbsd                                                                 1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb     
ocl-icd-libopencl1                                                             2.2.14-3                                 deb     
openssl                                                                        3.0.2-0ubuntu1.8                         deb     
passwd                                                                         1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                       deb     
perl-base                                                                      5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                        deb     
pinentry-curses                                                                1.1.1-1build2                            deb     
procps                                                                         2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                        deb     
prometheus-net                                                                 8.0.0                                    dotnet  
prometheus-net.AspNetCore                                                      8.0.0                                    dotnet  
prometheus-net.DotNetRuntime                                                   4.4.0                                    dotnet  
publicsuffix                                                                   20211207.1025-1                          deb     
readline-common                                                                8.1.2-1                                  deb     
runtime.any.System.Collections                                                 4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Diagnostics.Tracing                                         4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Globalization                                               4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Globalization.Calendars                                     4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.IO                                                          4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Reflection                                                  4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Reflection.Primitives                                       4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Resources.ResourceManager                                   4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Runtime                                                     4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Runtime.Handles                                             4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Runtime.InteropServices                                     4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Text.Encoding                                               4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Text.Encoding.Extensions                                    4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.any.System.Threading.Tasks                                             4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.debian.8-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl       4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.fedora.23-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl      4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.fedora.24-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl      4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.native.System                                                          4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.native.System.Net.Http                                                 4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.Apple                              4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl                            4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.opensuse.13.2-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl  4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.opensuse.42.1-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl  4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.osx.10.10-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.Apple        4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.osx.10.10-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl      4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.rhel.7-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl         4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.ubuntu.14.04-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl   4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.ubuntu.16.04-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl   4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.ubuntu.16.10-x64.runtime.native.System.Security.Cryptography.OpenSsl   4.3.2                                    dotnet  
runtime.unix.Microsoft.Win32.Primitives                                        4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.unix.System.Diagnostics.Debug                                          4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.unix.System.IO.FileSystem                                              4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.unix.System.Net.Primitives                                             4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.unix.System.Private.Uri                                                4.3.0                                    dotnet  
runtime.unix.System.Runtime.Extensions                                         4.3.0                                    dotnet  
sed                                                                            4.8-1ubuntu2                             deb     
sensible-utils                                                                 0.0.17                                   deb     
sysvinit-utils                                                                 3.01-1ubuntu1                            deb     
tar                                                                            1.34+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1.22.04.1             deb     
tzdata                                                                         2023c-0ubuntu0.22.04.0                   deb     
ubuntu-keyring                                                                 2021.03.26                               deb     
ucf                                                                            3.0043                                   deb     
usrmerge                                                                       25ubuntu2                                deb     
util-linux                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                          deb     
zlib.net-mutliplatform                                                         1.0.6                                    dotnet  
zlib1g                                                                         1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                 deb     
